We are back. Hi. Um, goal finish two
Envy factors in the next hour and 40
minutes. It looks like breakout does a
thing.
Cool.
Um, switch
view. Get to work.
I think that what we're going to do in
order to have the levels be
made. Something like
this. Uh, now these do have to be freed
as well, don't
they? I think these do have to be
freed. A little awkward.
We're not going to have any way to free
these, are
How do I do this
in the original
code? I think I just do
like int num.
Okay, so that gives you puzzle
state. Don't need to allocate the M's or
the
is this is different from initializing
the end. So we can actually do this. So
for we
do in goal
height
rand% 9 +
5. No, it's not rand. That's not how it
works at all. Uh this should be four,
right? And
I is exclusive I
believe. So then this should be fine. So
this is going to be five, six, seven,
eight, whatever. Uh min
this. And now we have to
do by
handle it by
pack. I could return it as a tpple, but
I think we'll return this as a dict.
And then we
do turn it. So now we can return a
pointer to this
this handle object. Oh, I can do it this
way. So, this
is handle
object bars
state. We can call this state. Yeah.
puzzles. Oh, no. It can be state,
right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This can be
state.
state and then we have to do
[Music]
handle and then we have what is it?
Level
handle level star
levels.
Okay. And then we can pretty much just
tab this because this is basic.
Let's see if this looks good.
So, we unpack
levels. We unpack it to void
pointer. That should be reasonable
enough. Do end
levels and
logs perf score return length. Perfect.
Doesn't have anything that we need to
worry
about. So, this is everything
here. And now all we need to do is end
puzzles and
levels. So, we'll do like
Level star
level star all
levels. Puzzle state star all
Okay. And then int num levels like
this. And now I believe on
reset. Yeah, this doesn't get called
anywhere. So what happens is when it's
done, they call list, right? And on
reset, it's actually pretty
similar. So I think what we're going to
do
I'm feeling good actually. Let's let's
just knock this out right
now. Okay, so we just call set puzzle.
We need the index, right? Int
index
equals rand
percent and num
maps.
Okay. And then now we will set the
puzzle from the all puzzles
buffer. And now literally all we have to
do done. We look for
dun. This should be getting set to one
somewhere. Doesn't seem to be getting
set to
So where's
Dun's done equals C step. Ah okay. So
it's the return of
void. So now instead of doing this, this
is just going to be a C reset.
And then this is a simple
return. C
reset. This is
a
Boom. And now this should load random
levels.
So the only thing is we have to adjust
all of this [ __ ]
logging because of the new log
format. Delete all that.
Goodbye log log
uh log
buffer. I think the end log is actually
really easy, isn't
But we need to have like a few of
these variables, I believe.
Right. Where's the ad log? I deleted
it. Well, no big deal. We'll just add it
back. But with uh it's going to be
substantially different anyways.
We'll just
do void add
log and then we'll
do C tower climb and then this can
N
log
buffer. This is
N buffer. Oops.
It's actually just end
Perfect. And then we also have was it
free pre-initialize becomes C close.
Okay. So now we have to make this thing
work. Oh wait, we also have the client,
right? Client is not going to be in this
strct. So we
do client star
client in there. Make
client. Yep.
We do
client new API shenanigans. All
right. Uh, we also need the C
file. Hey, look at all that Ford path
shenanigans. Poor Spencer. I made him do
all this.
n random
level.
Okay.
Um I think you have to reset
here. All
plant the
heck.
Oh, end of clientity enable animation.
Let's try that.
client. We'll just do it this
way. Okay. Okay. And now we have C step
plus+. This is now incorporated
into the end itself.
This runs a Perf
test does get a division by
allocate. Okay, now this runs a PF
test. We still have some null null
pointer
shenanigans because you're intended to
generate
some puzzle states outside. So, we're
going to just
This is running demo not perf test.
Good. So what we're supposed to
do
and
okay now we have this and then we do
like so
and maps.
Third. Yo.
Okay. I don't know why it takes so long.
Holy. Hey, Weston. This is Spencer's
policy loaded on his
end. This actually looks really good.
So, I think that there's just some jank
in the Python version.
option. I believe we did that in
Impulse wars,
flags. Oh yeah, he already has
it.
Fuel. It's choosing left, right, up,
push. It's a little more complicated
than that. It's uh it's based off of
like an actual puzzle game, a weird
Japanese puzzle game. Um you can pull
blocks, you can push balls, you can hang
off of ledges, you can climb blocks,
bunch of
cool. Now I believe this one
[Music]
has missing
semicolons. All
right. So these are all the things that
uh the init function needs that we have
not yet
set. So this here
Boom. This does not need a nit grid.
This does need a different in it, I
believe. Nit level. No. Nit puzzle
state. It is what we want. Just want
it. And unpacks everything else. And
then this needs to be all
levels and all
puzzles. We will see if we can get this
thing to compile and work.
No member name terminals. We can fix
that. Actually, I think dun this has dun
as well, right? So, we have to do an s
slashdun slash
then
sanations. Try it again.
The goal is to get uh all the M
supported
today except for Impulse Wars because
that impulse wars is a
nightmare. Uh everything else should be
fine. Be like, "Hey, Captain, I have
every end of ported but yours. Help.
Please
uh probably sweep. This has got to be
sweep. And it's like metric equals
I don't see levels completed anywhere
either. Probably just score,
right? Okay. So, this thing
runs. It takes quite a while to gen
those levels.
a little suspicious of that.
something%. And it does seem to now be
crashing back
down. Possibly this thing needs some uh
custom
params.
Possibly defaults are bad, but this does
run. And at least initially it was
training.
Yeah. So, this is
definitely Oh, yeah. There we go. It's
just a little unstable. So, we'll have
to retune a little bit, but like 90%
correct. Going through and understanding
how N binding. H works. Glad you made
it. So no more Syon. I am trying. It is
RL. Took me about an hour total. So, we
got an hour 10 to do
MOA, which may be a little ambitious,
but at least it's my own code, so
hopefully I know how it works.
So this is Moa for anyone who hasn't
seen it. It is a miniature
version. It is a miniature version of
like OpenAI 5
Dota Dota inspired at least.
go. You have
skills. You have minions. You have
creeps. You've got towers, which are
stars. Got all sorts of things.
know if the uh the AoE is not rendering
or
what. The AoE does not seem to be
working, which is a little
odd for that like one specific thing to
not
work. But hey, that's okay. We will port
this last thing in the extensions path.
Once this goes away, Syon is done. I
guess technically we have like one or
two all small other tests that use Syon,
but getting rid of it very quickly.
There's so much freaking
code and so much code. Now, I believe
the one thing that's tough here is the
shared map
initialization. Um, I believe that's a
little tough.
hard. And actually, I think that we kind
of just do this pretty easily.
We kind of just do this pretty damn
easily,
huh? Like this doesn't even need any
args. It's literally
just Oh, well crap. It's a numpy file.
Um, we have to write that f. We have to
read from that file I guess
right. Do I have any any like loading
example code in
C? I could have sworn I had
here. We literally have it here.
Huh? Look at
Look at that. Now all we have to
do is put these into a pie duct, I
guess.
So I object
star app buffer
handle binding stuff is basically copy
paste and name the varss. Well, this is
a bit more complicated because I'm doing
fancy shared and netit
stuff, right? So, this is specifically
this this thing is like 200 something
megabytes. So, if I give each instance
of the environment one of these, you'll
out of memory your computer. So, what we
do instead is we um we share this object
across all instances of the N. So, that
requires a little bit of custom logic.
That's all I'm doing. And I just I had
like you needed to do this anyways for
the C demo. So it's very similar logic.
Okay, so this is literally it
uh
return passing bars for your end.
Yes, it's very easy for your end.
We get into some shenanigans
here because the Python C API is kind of
ass. Yeah. Come on. Get your Sudoku in
chop. We got a release to go. Come
on. Million step per second training
minimum. Call it 2
million. Hurry up or it's going to be 3
million.
Oh, you need the game map, don't
you? Okay. Well, that's not that
This gives you handle
object and then pi
object game handle.
then just auto complete and don't screw
it up for once. It's so basic. It's just
so annoying. AI path buffer AI
path. Yeah, that should be
it. Okay, so we do this AI path [ __ ]
I'm inputting to the AI is the current
grid. Then I and then the starting
grid. Make second grid rather than
contain the
array. Wait, should
I make the second grid rather than
contain the array and make all
numbers
01? No. So, what you should do is you
should
pass you should pass a 2D. You should
pass
a Okay, look. This is what you should
pass. You're going to get a quick lesson
on OBS encoding.
Right. So what you want to do is you
want to
pass a 3D block of
numbers. Okay. And then this dimension
here, this is the two channels. Okay. So
like if you cut it like this, it has
two. And then
this whatever this is like nine and this
is nine.
Okay, so you have your initial board
here and then you have your
uh final board and then what you do is
before you pass into the neural network
not in the end you do one
hot nine or actually it's 10 because
there are 10
possibilities. I think it's it's zero
through nine, right? So there you go.
You don't want to hot encode it in the
end. You want to hot encode it in uh the
network because it improves uh data
bandwidth. Um and that is only
transmitting uh you also do it in char
by the way like you can make this thing
a char and then this is
literally 162 bytes right 9 by9 by2 it's
bytes which is the ob size and with that
you should be able to hit um while coms
are kind of slow so I guess it depends
on the data format you end up using you
should be able to at least hit one or
two million steps per second.
How many inputs? You would have total of
inputs if you're using a flat network.
And then it's 161 but structured with a
2 talks do not contain any technical
content. So I would hope it is some
somewhat more useful than
that. Oh jeez. Yeah. Okay. Okay, this is
going to
suck. Yeah, I forgot I had to do all
this
crap. Well, it's just the logging for
this kind of sucks. There's a lot of it.
that. Okay. So, I think I can keep I can
keep the player log structure.
Yeah, I can keep the player structure
and then all
this. So, this is going to all get moved
to add log. This is add log.
Wait, hang
on.
Yes. And then
Okay. So, these this part is chill. All
right. This part is uh pretty chill.
So, in order to get all these damn
metrics, the only way I can do
Yeah, it's just going to be 200 lines of
logs.
example. This is not neural MMO.
Neuralarm MMO is
easy, but do start the repo. It helps me
out a lot.
Mike. Okay. So, this is what needs to
happen here.
So we delete all this
garbage and this add log thing.
Then we have to
do
log.radiant. I misspelled radiant,
didn't I? Isn't it with an e?
right? Oh,
no. Wait,
what? Why were there a whole bunch of
results spelled with
E? Okay, I don't know why it looked the
word looked wrong to
me. Not spelled right.
So that's what I was hoping it would
just autocomplete all That's
Okay. So, that is the
initial. This actually gets rid of all
this. So, uh there is going to end up
being a ton of boiler plate on
this and this.
But let's see if we can actually make
this
thing. Ah, [ __ ] Wait, we have it has to
go into the binding file as well because
of course it has to go into the freaking
binding file. Oh
left.
works. No, this was the only the special
function we needed for mobile was just
this little thing here.
And like unpacking that was a pain, but
it's not that
This probably has to go
below below mobile,
right? Is the speed of
function using uh you don't need to
inline everything. That's kind of
dumb. You only need to inline
like you should only be inlining stuff
if you like if you have a function that
you're calling that you know you're
calling a bajillion times in a loop.
today. I'm surprised you actually know
about that question. Usually people
don't learn low-level stuff for a while.
long. Yep. Okay,
good. We are
masking? Uh I thought Are we not
respawning cars, Spencer?
masking. Yeah. No, just Oh, for the new
M. Yeah, just ignore the hell out of
that and give it a small negative reward
that you can
sweep. We'll crush SP3 even without ASP
uh without action masking. Screw that.
Action masking is a total pain in the
ass to implement efficiently as well.
Like computing the action mask generally
is really a slow operation. Like nah,
we're not doing
that. New M should be called digger.
That is a terrible idea.
Bet. I think we'll call it terraform.
It's a bad idea for the same reason that
uh the Zigg programmers are very stupid
for calling themselves ziggers with a Z.
It's very easy to have a slip of the
tongue with
that. Look, I told the Zig guys, all
right, they should call themselves
Zigzagons because they write Zigg and
they're a bunch of goons.
Circum
what? What was that? Circumloatory.
No, I know what the big word means. I
just Do you? Cuz I like you keep using
that word. I don't think you know what
it means.
Go look up the word and see if you think
you used it correctly. If you're going
to be like, "Oh, big word hard, Josh.
Yes, exactly. Which has nothing to do
with what I was saying
originally. Did we move puffer yet? Yes,
it's in extensions. And uh
I I probably didn't push the fix that
moves that fixes the local build script.
Huh. I will do that because I fixed it
in the build script as well. I just
think I forgot to push it.
The word you're looking for is
malipropism.
How did you predict my
problem? I've been doing things a while.
All
right. I know all. I see all. And I tell
all for a price.
All right. Now, this runs locally
again. I don't know why this thing
doesn't seem to like to use its Q. There
seems to be something screw with the
queue. I don't know what the heck
happened with uh with this thing's
queue. Now it works. Weird.
Well, we'll leave this alone for
now. Um, can we get it to
build? How user
control user control
code? What do you mean user control
code?
user controlling. Oh yeah, any of the
M's literally they just all have like a
hold shift. Like all the M's have like a
hold shift. I think neural MMO is is
just tap control. But yeah, in neural
MMO it's more complicated because I
wanted to give you a toggle instead of a
clutch.
But everything else is while you're
holding shift your actions go instead of
the neural
net like all the M's on the website they
say under them if you just hold shift
Well, there is logic required in the
renderer, right? It doesn't really
matter where you put it. You can put it
in the end or you can put it in the C
file, but you need to put like user
input controls, right?
garbage. Do I still use this? Please say
I
don't. Okay, thank god I don't actually
use
it. I do not want to deal with that
right now.
enviously. I want this bloody M reported
today so I can be
done. The
goal is user control only
possible. I think it's weird when you
run it through torch. I haven't messed
with it much. it I it probably depends
where you put the code. If you put the
code in the uh theh file and then I mess
with a couple of things, you can
probably have it
be you can probably have it be done
locally. I haven't bothered making sure
it works, but you can probably do it.
It would be good in your case probably
to have something where like if you hold
shift they try to follow the mouse or
something. That would be cool.
This is this
boom boom
boom agents be discretized for war
death.
game. This is going to be C
render.
Okay. And
then game
renderer. This has to have in frame.
Okay. So we do like this
mobile
if is there a thing in Nick game. Oh,
this is actually a
thing. Okay, so we
So, this is going to hopefully give us a
full stack tray. So, we'll just be able
to
see exactly where it is egg faulting and
we'll be able to fix it and move
on. I like to fix this before
6 so I can just go get dinner call
today. Get
map. When the heck would this
be? Is this really correct? This is This
is what we're
guess no, this is here. This is fine.
The C code uses the same file. this uh
same
function. Okay, so this erroring
in erroring in
ninet hang on it's erroring
41 item string game map handle. Oh, you
dummy.
grab Oh. Uh I don't Yeah, this tower
climb thing is not right at
all. It literally can't
be. Now I have to fix that as
Oh, wait. So, pi dict get
item. So,
quarks. So, then this should be correct.
So, it should be get item
right. Well, I got to go get dinner.
Um, I will be back probably after this
to finish this. So follow uh this on
well start the repo to help me out